quote
“All our dreams can come true—if we have the courage to pursue them.” — Walt Disney
“Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.”  Gary Vaynerchuk
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” — Unknown
“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” — Abraham Lincoln
“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.” — Ken Poirot
“We must all either wear out or rust out, every one of us. My choice is to wear out.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.” – GarVaynerchuk
“Dream as if you’ll live forever. Live as if you’ll die today.” — James Dean
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.”– Walt Disney
“Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.”– Mark Twain
“A champion is someone who does not settle for that day’s practice, that day’s competition, that day’s performance. They are always striving to be better. They don’t live in the past.” – Briana Scurry
“My whole career has been an act of revenge.” – Ruby Wax
“We still, today, have a long way to go and we have to continue our work.”– Rosa Parks
“So. Monday. We meet again. We will never be friends—but maybe we can move past our mutual enmity toward a more-positive partnership.” — Julio Alexi Genao
“You are in control. Never allow your Monday to be manic.” — Andrea L’Artiste
“Monday is a state of mind. Put on your positive pants and get stuff done.” - Unknown
“Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.” – Henry David Thoreau
“Almost every Monday I have a charity thing. I like that. I do.” — Yogi Berra
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” – Winston Churchill
“The difference between winners and ordinary people is winners follow through despite fear while others just dream and take no action.”– Calvin K. Lee
“Life is about making an impact, changing things and leaving things better than you found them.” – Munmi Sarma